Add note about issue with caret operator in PowerShell (#11351)
composer/composer: doc/articles/versions.md

Example: `^1.2.3`

> > **Note:** If you are using the PowerShell on Windows, make sure you enter four
> > subsequent caret operators, e.g. `^^^^1.2.3`, to ensure the caret operator gets
> > passed to Composer correctly.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you are using PowerShell on Windows, you have to escape
> carets when using them as argument on the CLI for example when using the
> `composer require` command. You have to use four
> subsequent caret operators, e.g. `^^^^1.2.3`, to ensure the caret operator gets
> passed to Composer correctly.

```
